give and shoots every TJ TJ too fucked
up yeah that's kind of crazy shit down
right here man talk about breaking this
mother fucking half ounces down another
month
hit breaking down a decision on this
great town trip will reveal now now she
break it down boys at your cribs and we
dead so slumber already the one
bring it down this is great pal Rick
what are you now now she break it down
your boys at your cribs and we dad no
slumber already happily on my grind baby
I'm really a cop kick back ride Claire
defending him fly bitches chilly in the
sky shit where your body top can i play
you like the scent of shit stay your
pony block and spray the same spot see
the laser at that you're trying to do
you read legend you'll be playing love
you patty stop and watch role play pop
one stone but when you shot pic with hot
pokers show play shit nish am coming
straight buddy tight tight great yeah
Mike I you hiding it can't be driving no
takers hey old meadow dumb niggas def
what gotta do school ping connection
fuck with us fresh talent know every
jack squat when black cat ain't no pan
that we're first and neck the chance
upon dirt and hate your whole fam went
black break it down shit show them how
to break it down break it down now Shawn
are we breaking any boys that you craved
and we get so smuggle all ready to
rumble
I break it down shit show them how to
break it down break it down now Sean
breaking things boys the to fifth and we
get so slumber all ready to rumble right
okay I told you things these oh oh no
the boy will be coming with people you
ain't got no right back to the brat
pentax what man I mean any coming
through ahead of stacking your back
Phyllis ito you see more heavy weather
we go not Terrell Owens when I put them
all key Oh spits Oh sick shit before we
go cheat or cash flow give me for my
sins is I praise on rolling wouldn't
shake wanna stay long come from the city
when niggas put you in the box like
braids on Carlo some colors shit a
shitter from our luck got a dime if you
would a tramp you got on the knees no
bones in the licking like Stan Stan
telling our grill got a honey fake way
from and fully folks maps like the
number
break it down shit show them how to
break it down break it down now Sean I
will break it down boys at your crib and
we get so slumber all ready to rumble
like a pro limit for this let your boy
DJ dubbs AKA 250 you already know what
it is pink gray NPR de city and chapters
my nigga shouts out to my nigga kids
these my nigga kick can my nigga PHR i
make a lazy beat your love is my nigga
my nigga Luke fuck is up with our niggas
man t-minus see mother
shouts out to all my niggas in the West
all my niggas on the east fuck this up
with y'all niggas man shouts out to my
niggas big boom
you